Previously on
"Yu‐Gi‐Oh! ARC‐V"...
Gong and Yuya joining forces
to take down Sylvio
and Moon Shadow!
Get set, Yuya,
because the second act
is where the real fun kicks in!
Ha!
Here goes...
Looks like your ship
has sailed.
(Yuya)
Yeah, we all went
to the Fusion Dimension
to invade Duel Academy
and rescue our friends!
One friend in particular...
But who was it?
Listen!
It's about Zuzu!
(gasps)
That's who I was looking for!
Zuzu!
She was my best friend.
How could I ever
forget her?!
Get to attacking,
Big Benkei!
Aah!
(grunting)
Now that Sylvio's
out of the way,
you're next,
Moon Shadow!
(gasping, grunting)
Yeah, I lost it.
Completely.
You wanted a more brutal duel,
so I gave it to you!
Astrograph Sorcerer,
I call on you
to use your mystical powers
to reshape us into
a single unstoppable force!
(gasps)
No!
I'm Z‐ARC!
♪♪♪
♪♪ Hey hey,
can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ You vs. me,
competition for the victory ♪
♪♪ I could be the best one day
and make history ♪
♪♪ Swing into action,
are you ready to play? ♪
♪♪ Challenge anyone, anywhere,
any day ♪
♪♪ You wanna take a chance,
go 'head and roll the dice ♪
♪♪ See if it's in your cards,
if you'll pay the price ♪
♪♪ Activate the spell,
let your powers come to life ♪
♪♪ It's showtime,
who will win the fight? ♪
♪♪ I'm ready to duel,
go 'head and make your move ♪
♪♪ Go go go go ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪
♪♪ I'll win this duel,
you can't beat my moves ♪
♪♪ I'm in that groove,
I know I can't lose ♪
♪♪ Your turn, your tricks,
now what will you choose? ♪
♪♪ Can you feel the power? ♪♪♪
I remember...
I totally lost control
and turned into Z‐ARC
and threatened the world!
Until Zuzu saved me.
I believe in you, Yuya.
You've never given up
ever in your life,
and you're not
going to start now.
Zuzu, how could I have
ever forgotten you?
(screaming)
Now's your chance, Riley!
End this duel!
(screaming)
Aah!
And where's Riley?
(Henrietta) Riley is
here with me. Huh?
That baby's Riley?
Whoa!
How'd Riley go
from dueling to diapers?
When Riley defeated Z‐ARC,
Riley absorbed
all of Z‐ARC's evil essence.
Who knows how the universe
truly works?
But what I do know
is that sealing Z‐ARC
caused Riley
to revert to a baby.
(Sylvio)
Oh, I see the resemblance now.
Same unblinking eyes.
(Declan) Riley wanted
to make sure Z‐ARC
could never resurrect ever
again, and Riley succeeded.
Well, in part.
Huh?
Riley's sacrifice was only
a temporary reprieve.
Given time,
Z‐ARC will resurrect again.
Say what?
But this time,
when he does,
we will be unable
to put a stop to him.
Oh!
That sounds schnizeldingers!
If that means bad,
you're right!
(gasps)
Come on, get real.
We beat him once,
we'll do it again!
Unfortunately, things aren't
quite that simple.
Huh?
Not only did we barely
defeat him last time,
but we no longer have the
cards that sealed him away.
And without those cards,
well...
I'm never one
to give up, but...
Z‐ARC's evil
will continue to grow,
eventually robbing Riley
of all happiness and joy.
Yes, even now I can tell.
(Henrietta)
Because this baby
has never smiled.
There's gotta be something
we can do.
There's always
something we can do!
I had a pretty good nap
this morning,
so I have plenty
of energy to fight!
So what are we gonna do?
(Declan) Not "we."
You.
Wait, it all depends on me?
Yes, Yuya.
The fate of the world rests
solely on your shoulders.
Seriously?
Come on, if you're looking
for a hero,
I'm standing right here!
So? Who's keister
do I gotta kick?
Nobody's.
Our one mission
is to make Riley smile.
Make Riley smile?
Why don't we just buy Riley
a squeaky toy?
That would put
a smile on my face.
I'm sure it would,
but if Z‐ARC
is darkening Riley's heart,
then the only way to conquer
it
is to make Riley
feel joy again,
not with gimmicks,
but true happiness.
And I believe only the best
dueltaining
can bring a smile
to Riley's face.
The best dueltaining?
Then I gotta give it my all,
like I never have before!
That's correct,
even better than my best!
Whoa! Dad?
It's Yusho!
Darling!
I taught you how
to dueltain,
but now is the time
for the student to graduate
and come into his own.
Take what you learned from me
and add your own flair.
Not only may you be able to
save Riley,
but Zuzu as well.
Zuzu?
(all gasp)
Wait, you know where Zuzu is?
Point me in the direction
and I'm there!
Don't get sidetracked.
Your priority
is to win this duel.
And not just win,
but win with style.
Talk about pressure.
Yeah, I hope his shoulders
can handle it.
All this has
my brain scrambled.
Come on...
Okay!
I draw!
(grunts)
Aww, man.
I can't do anything
with this.
Well, gotta make
the most of it.
I switch Odd‐Eyes
to defense mode.
You too, Hip Hippo.
Then I'm gonna put this card
facedown and end my turn.
You're up, Gong!
And Gong, don't you dare
go easy on me!
Well, Gong wasn't planning to!
'Cause us two gotta get
Riley smilin'!
(shouting)
Gong summons the Tuner Monster,
Superheavy Samurai Fist
in attack mode!
I bet that fist
never lost at roshambo!
Superheavy Samurai Fist,
sock Yuya's Hippo
right in the noodle!
Aaaahhhh!
(grunting)
One down, one to go!
Now, Big Benkei's
gonna take down Odd‐Eyes!
'Cause Big Benkei can attack
even when it's in defense mode!
(roaring)
Bullseye!
But Gong's not done yet
'cause Superheavy
Samurai Soulhorn's
special ability activates!
So, Big Benkei
can attack again!
And this attack's heading
straight for Yuya!
(Gong)
Attack Yuya!
(gasps)
Huh?
Uhh...
(grunting)
I activate Evasion!
Phew, that was a close one!
You're not escaping!
Since my Superheavy Samurai Fist
destroyed a monster earlier,
I can Synchro Summon
in the middle of battle!
Level 2 Superheavy Samurai Fist
tunes Level 8
Superheavy Samurai Big Benkei
and Level 2 Superheavy
Samurai Preservation!
I Synchro Summon!
Make way for the pain train!
Superheavy Samura
Steam Train King!
That's one loco
locomotive!
Hey, you're no conductor!
Gong's gonna steam
right over you, Yuya!
And you don't got
the life points
to stay in the game!
Rev up your engines,
Steam Train King,
'cause the next station
is Yuyaville!
This is the end of the line!
Aah!
You ain't skating
to your to victory, Yuya!
I activate another Evasion!
(Gong)
Don't think so!
No way!
(both)
Gong actually moved!
By playing No Action,
your Action Card is X'd out!
Gong's taking it to him!
That's a shoe‐in for the most
awesome move ever!
Hm? Huh?
Uh‐oh!
(Gong)
There's nowhere
left to run, Yuya!
I activate my trap
Performapal Signal!
I draw a card and send it
to the graveyard.
And if the card's
a Performapal,
then you have to stop
your attack!
Well, let's see
if luck's on my son's side.
If Yuya draws a card
that's not a Performapal,
he loses the duel.
I draw!
Yes!
I'm sending this Performapal
Sword Fish to the graveyard,
and Gong has to slam
the brakes on his attack!
(all)
Hooray!
Whoa!
Oh, my!
(both groan)
(sighs)
(Gong)
Don't get your hopes up yet!
Once per turn, by banishing
all the Spell and Trap Cards
in Gong's graveyard,
Steam Train King deals you
200 points of damage
for each one!
No way!
This ain't enough
to beat you,
but you'll still
be bruised like a peach!
Blast away!
(grunting)
Oh!
This duel has more
twists and turns
than a bowl of macaroni!
Gong's abandoned his patented
Heavystrong Style
that he's been
using for years
and is jetting
around the field!
But I can't say
it hasn't worked for him,
because he has Yuya
on the ropes!
Frankly ladies and gentlemen,
as shocking as it might seem,
Yuya's been out‐dueled
and even more,
out dueltained!
This the best you got?
Gong expected more
from you, Yuya,
but I guess Gong was wrong.
What do you mean?
How long has Gong
known you, Yuya?
We've been dueling
against each other
since our Duel Disks
were twice our size.
And Gong knows when
his best bud's not focused
100% on the duel 'cause he got
too much on his mind.
Yeah, I got a lot on my mind!
You heard Declan, didn't you?
It's like the whole weight
of the world's on my shoulders,
like literally!
It never used to be
about winning or losing,
it was about just dueling
to have lots of fun.
But if I fail this time,
it's not just me that loses.
Riley loses!
Zuzu loses!
Zuzu...
(Gong)
That only sounds
like excuses to Gong.
Yeah, you're right.
But guess what, Gong?
I never said I was giving up!
It's my turn!
And since my Pendulum Scale
is already set,
my monsters are ready
to swing into action!
Come on back,
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
And I'll follow that up
by activating
Pendulum Illusion!
It's showtime!
Odd‐Eyes, what do you say
you get your giddyup in gear
and attack Gong's
Steam Train King?
I've seen a lot of strange
things in this league,
but I've never seen a dragon
chase down a choo‐choo!
Now, let's see if Yuya's able
to kick that caboose's
caboose!
Thanks to my Pendulum Illusion,
I can discard a Spell
or Trap Card from my hand
and send it to the graveyard
to activate its effect.
Damage Banish
is just what I need
to give you some engine trouble!
Better hang on tight, Gong,
'cause your Steam Train's
attack and defense points
are cut in half!
Gong's train is now weaker
than Odd‐Eyes!
Oh, ya!
Awesome!
Go, Yuya!
Blast 'em, Odd Eyes!
(roaring)
Spiral Flame Strike!
Since I used
Pendulum Illusion
on your Monster,
it can't be destroyed,
but you'll still lose
life points!
(grunting)
(all)
Yuya!
He didn't do
all that much damage.
Yeah, more like "dull pain"
instead of "dueltain."
I feel all tingly‐wingly!
Yuya's finally starting
to get his groove back.
It's a good start,
I hope he keeps it up!
(Yuya)
Now that my turn's done,
your Steam Train
regains its defense points.
But while you're still
chugging along,
I'm firing on all cylinders!
It's my turn!
I draw!
Yuya, you can't hijack
Gong's train!
And Gong's not gonna let you
hijack this duel either!
Gong's turning
this Steam Train around
so that it can attack
and plow right over
your Odd‐Eyes Pendulm Dragon!
(Nico Smiley)
Uh‐oh! He'll flatten
that dragon like a flapjack!
I'm sending Flame Guard
to the graveyard
to activate
Pendulum Illusion again
and lower your monster's
defense points!
That means Odd‐Eyes
is stronger than Gong's
Steam Train once again!
Yuya's surviving
by the skin of his teeth,
but he's got some
pretty tough skin!
Gong's going to take damage!
(both)
200 points!
(growling)
(shouting)
By sending two cards
in Gong's hand to the graveyard,
Steam Train's special ability
activates!
By tossing away
the Action Spell Tenacity
and Superheavy Samurai
Big Waraji,
Steam Train
disintegrates your Odd‐Eyes.
Ahh!
And by banishing Tenacity
from Gong's graveyard,
this train's cannon blasts you
with 200 points of damage!
(grunting)
Your dueltaining
is coming up
shorter than a hamster
with no legs!
Come on, now,
you can do better than this!
All right,
it's your turn, Yuya!
Yuya doesn't have much room
for error.
Then let's hope
he's up to the challenge.
Hmm, I bet the only one
more nervous than me is Yoko.
I bet the only one more
confident in Yuya than me
is Yusho.
Kick Gong's can to Loserland!
Woohoo!
It's my turn!
Since I played
my Pendulum Illusion,
I'm not allowed
to draw a card.
But I can do this!
I Pendulum Summon
Odd‐Eyes Pendulum Dragon!
(roaring)
And when I get
an Action Card,
I'm gonna knock your strategy
off its tracks!
Not if Gong gets it first!
(both)
Gong just leapt off the train?
Unreal!
Gong's moving!
Huh?
Gong's totally changed
his dueling style,
and it's totally
working for him!
He's taking his dueling
to a new level.
So, if Gong's gonna up his game,
I have to up my dueltaining too!
(both shouting)
Ah!
Yeah!
I'll send this Action Card
to the graveyard
to activate
Pendulum Illusion's effect!
Your Steam Train
will be running on fumes!
Attack, Odd‐Eyes!
(panicked grunting)
(Yuya)
Looks like I took the steam
out of your strategy.
You're up, Gong!
It ain't over yet!
Gong'll be the one getting
an Action Card this time!
Is this a duel
or a track meet?
I wonder who will get it
this time?
(both grunting)
(Yuya)
Beat you to it again, Gong!
And your Steam Train's
gonna pay the price again!
That Yuya, he's a quick one!
Spiral Flame Strike!
(grunting)
But Gong snagged
an Action Card of Gong's own!
Gong sends it and Superheavy
Samurai Soulhorns
to the graveyard
to destroy your dragon!
And by banishing
that Action Card,
Steam Train deals you
200 more points of damage!
(grunting and groaning)
This duel's turning out
better than I expected.
(Yuya)
Huh, looks like
this duel's heating up.
All right then,
I'll set things on fire
by summoning Odd‐Eyes again!
(roaring)
It's time for me
to end this!
Okay, listen up, Gong!
Whoever grabs
the next Action Card
will win this duel!
And that's gonna be me!
Gong don't think so!
(panting)
(shouting)
Yeah!
Dagnabbit!
I send this Action Card
to the graveyard
to activate
Pendulum Illusion's effect
one last time and weaken
your monster!
You ready, Gong?
Well, what are you
waiting for, Yuya?
Just do it!
Odd‐Eyes,
attack Steam Train!
(roaring)
Bring it on!
Gong!
You may have won,
but you call that dueltaining?
That was amateur hour.
Gong Knows you could have
dueled better than this!
You've gotta try harder,
if you wanna make Riley smile.
But I am trying.
(Nico Smiley)
Yuya Sakaki wins
the Junior Arc League
Championship!
(cheers and applause)
(sobbing)
So now, Yuya's bidding
the Junior Division goodbye
and advancing
to the upper leagues!
(Declan)
No, he's not.
Huh?
With more memories regained,
you should now remember
that I postponed
the original tournament
when Duel Academy attacked
this dimension.
Yuya, you may have defeated
these three competitors,
but there's still one opponent
remaining in this tournament.
In fact, this duelist
was one of the Lancers.
And if you don't
defeat this opponent,
then you haven't won,
have you?
Well, bring 'em on.
(Declan)
No, not bring.
You must go to them...
through this dimensional portal.
Uh, you sure it's safe?
Do not insult my company's
technological capabilities.
The ARC‐V Reactor
has created wormholes
to connect our dimension with
the other three dimensions.
This will enable you to travel
between dimensions with ease.
And that is where you will
find your opponent waiting.
Yuya, go to the Xyz Dimension.
To Xyz?
Who's gonna be waiting
for me there, Declan?
No hint?
None?
You're really not
gonna tell me, are you?
Well, I guess there's only
one way to find out.
(thinking)
Okay, Yuya.
This is for all the marbles.
If I win this duel,
I just might save Zuzu.
And not just Zuzu, but also
Celina, Lulu and Rin.
So I can't fail
no matter what!
No pressure or anything.
Well, here goes.
It's showtime!
Huh?
I see somebody!
No way!